Copyright Notice

Copyright © 2018 Flexera Software LLC (“Flexera”). All Rights Reserved.

This product contains proprietary and confidential technology, information
and creative works owned by Flexera and its licensors, if any.  Any use,
copying, publication, distribution, display, modification, or transmission
of such technology in whole or in part in any form or by any means without
the prior express written permission of Flexera is strictly prohibited.
Except where expressly provided by Flexera in writing, possession of this
technology shall not be construed to confer any license or rights under any
Flexera intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or
otherwise. All copies of the technology and related information, if allowed
by Flexera, must display this notice of copyright and ownership in full.

Intellectual Property

For a list of trademarks and patents that are owned by Flexera, see
http://www.flexera.com/intellectual-property. All other brand and product
names mentioned in Flexera products, product documentation, and marketing
materials are the trademarks and registered trademarks of their respective
owners.

Restricted Rights Legend

The Software is commercial computer software. If the user or licensee of the
Software is an agency, department, or other entity of the United States
Government, the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification,
disclosure, or transfer of the Software, or any related documentation of any
kind, including technical data and manuals, is restricted by a license
agreement or by the terms of this Agreement in accordance with Federal
Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for civilian purposes and Defense Federal
Acquisition Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes.

The Software was developed fully at private expense. All other use is
prohibited.
